c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Adquisoft.exe.config
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Adquisoft.exe
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Adquisoft.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Resources\IconsNonShared.baml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.g.resources
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.exe
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.pdb
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\ModuloPrincipal.baml
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\ModuloPrincipal.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\RegistrarNuevoSoftware.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\RegistrarNuevoSoftware.baml
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\Registros_sw.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\Registros_sw.baml
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\MenuRegistro_sw.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\MenuRegistro_sw.baml
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Npgsql.pdb
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Javier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Adquisoft.exe.config
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.exe
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.pdb
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Adquisoft.exe.config
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.exe
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.pdb
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Adquisoft.exe
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Adquisoft.pdb
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Npgsql.pdb
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\ModuloPrincipal.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Resources\IconsNonShared.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\ModuloPrincipal.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\MenuRegistro_sw.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\RegistrarNuevoSoftware.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\Registros_sw.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\MenuRegistro_sw.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\RegistrarNuevoSoftware.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\Registros_sw.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.g.resources
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\GitHub\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Adquisoft.exe
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Adquisoft.pdb
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\ModuloPrincipal.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Resources\IconsNonShared.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\ModuloPrincipal.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.g.resources
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Adquisoft.exe.config
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.exe
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.pdb
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Adquisoft.exe
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Adquisoft.pdb
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Npgsql.pdb
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\ModuloPrincipal.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Resources\IconsNonShared.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\ModuloPrincipal.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\MenuRegistro_sw.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\RegistrarNuevoSoftware.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\Registros_sw.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\MenuRegistro_sw.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\RegistrarNuevoSoftware.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Registro_sw\Registros_sw.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.g.resources
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Metricas\AgregarMetrica.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Metricas\AgregarMetrica.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Categorias\NuevaSubCategoria.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Categorias\NuevaSubCategoria.baml
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Evaluacion_Calidad\EvaluacionCalidad.g.cs
C:\Users\dhen\Documents\adquisoft_sw2\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Evaluacion_Calidad\EvaluacionCalidad.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Evaluacion_Calidad\EvaluacionCalidad.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Evaluacion_Calidad\EvaluacionCalidad.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Configuracion\Categorias\ConfiguracionCategorias.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Configuracion\ConfiguracionMenuPrincipal.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Configuracion\Categorias\ConfiguracionCategorias.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Configuracion\ConfiguracionMenuPrincipal.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Registro_sw\MenuRegistro_sw.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Registro_sw\RegistrarNuevoSoftware.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Registro_sw\Registros_sw.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Registro_sw\MenuRegistro_sw.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Registro_sw\RegistrarNuevoSoftware.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Registro_sw\Registros_sw.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Evaluacion_Calidad\NuevaEvaluacion.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Metricas\AgregarMetrica.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Evaluacion_Calidad\NuevaEvaluacion.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Metricas\AgregarMetrica.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Configuracion\Categorias\NuevaSubCategoria.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Configuracion\Categorias\NuevaSubCategoria.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Perfil_usuario\Perfilusuario.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Perfil_usuario\Perfilusuario.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\administracion\AdministrarUsuarios.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\administracion\AdministrarUsuarios.baml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Evaluacion_Adquisicion\EvaluacionComparativa.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Adquisoft_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\adquisoft\Adquisoft\Adquisoft\obj\Debug\Modulos\Evaluacion_Adquisicion\EvaluacionComparativa.baml
